Docs/#103 add waiting position display (#104)
fsoco/fsoco-dataset: docs/pages/waiting_list.md

---
layout: page

> title: "Contribution Procedure Waiting List"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Waiting List Status"
```

permalink: /waiting_list
feature-img: assets/img/fsg/HD/fsg_laptop.jpg
feature-img-credits: Photo ©FSG Sturm
slides: false
hide: true
bootstrap: false
---
<style>
    iframe{
        border-style: none;
        width: 100%;
    }
</style>

<h1>Waiting List Position Display</h1>

> Please input the e-mail address you used for the contribution procedure contact form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please enter the same email address you used for the contribution procedure contact form.
```

> This should be the address that received an automatic response from us to confirm your application for contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be the same address that has received an automatic response from us to confirm the successful submission of the form.
```

Reviewer: Forget about the "same". My bad.

Author: Done :ok_hand:

<form id="waiting_list_form">

>     <label for="email">E-Mail Address:</label>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <label for="email">Email address:</label>
```
